{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh14220\viewkind0
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs20 \cf2 \cb3 {\listtext	1.	}\CocoaLigature0 Facing: Towards, WeightedFoot: right, Thigh Contact: leg man back to leg woman back\
\ls1\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	2.	}\CocoaLigature0 , Facing: Towards, WeightedFoot: right, Thigh Contact: leg man front to leg woman back\
\ls1\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	3.	}\CocoaLigature0 , Facing: Towards, WeightedFoot: right, Thigh Contact: leg man back to leg woman front\
\ls1\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	4.	}\CocoaLigature0 , Facing: Towards, WeightedFoot: left, Thigh Contact: leg man back to leg woman back\
\ls1\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	5.	}\CocoaLigature0 , Facing: Towards, WeightedFoot: left, Thigh Contact: leg man front to leg woman back\
\ls1\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	6.	}\CocoaLigature0 , Facing: Towards, WeightedFoot: left, Thigh Contact: leg man back to leg woman front\
\ls1\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	7.	}\CocoaLigature0 , Facing: Clockwise, WeightedFoot: right, Thigh Contact: leg man back to leg woman back\
\ls1\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	8.	}\CocoaLigature0 , Facing: Clockwise, WeightedFoot: right, Thigh Contact: leg man front to leg woman back\
\ls1\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	9.	}\CocoaLigature0 , Facing: Clockwise, WeightedFoot: right, Thigh Contact: leg man back to leg woman front\
\ls1\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	10.	}\CocoaLigature0 , Facing: Clockwise, WeightedFoot: left, Thigh Contact: leg man back to leg woman back\
\ls1\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	11.	}\CocoaLigature0 , Facing: Clockwise, WeightedFoot: left, Thigh Contact: leg man front to leg woman back\
\ls1\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	12.	}\CocoaLigature0 , Facing: Clockwise, WeightedFoot: left, Thigh Contact: leg man back to leg woman front\
\ls1\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	13.	}\CocoaLigature0 , Facing: Away, WeightedFoot: right, Thigh Contact: leg man back to leg woman back\
\ls1\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	14.	}\CocoaLigature0 , Facing: Away, WeightedFoot: right, Thigh Contact: leg man front to leg woman back\
\ls1\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	15.	}\CocoaLigature0 , Facing: Away, WeightedFoot: right, Thigh Contact: leg man back to leg woman front\
\ls1\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	16.	}\CocoaLigature0 , Facing: Away, WeightedFoot: left, Thigh Contact: leg man back to leg woman back\
\ls1\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	17.	}\CocoaLigature0 , Facing: Away, WeightedFoot: left, Thigh Contact: leg man front to leg woman back\
\ls1\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	18.	}\CocoaLigature0 , Facing: Away, WeightedFoot: left, Thigh Contact: leg man back to leg woman front\
\ls1\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	19.	}\CocoaLigature0 , Facing: CounterClockwise, WeightedFoot: right, Thigh Contact: leg man back to leg woman back\
\ls1\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	20.	}\CocoaLigature0 , Facing: CounterClockwise, WeightedFoot: right, Thigh Contact: leg man front to leg woman back\
\ls1\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	21.	}\CocoaLigature0 , Facing: CounterClockwise, WeightedFoot: right, Thigh Contact: leg man back to leg woman front\
\ls1\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	22.	}\CocoaLigature0 , Facing: CounterClockwise, WeightedFoot: left, Thigh Contact: leg man back to leg woman back\
\ls1\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	23.	}\CocoaLigature0 , Facing: CounterClockwise, WeightedFoot: left, Thigh Contact: leg man front to leg woman back\
\ls1\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	24.	}\CocoaLigature0 , Facing: CounterClockwise, WeightedFoot: left, Thigh Contact: leg man back to leg woman front\
}